README update & Update the react native command to use the dsym command (#192)
bugsnag/bugsnag-cli: UPGRADING.md

## v2.x to v3.x

### Breaking changes

> We now prioritize Xcode archives over Xcode builds when uploading dSYMs. This means that if you have both an archive and a build, the CLI will search the default archive location set in Xcode for the latest archive for that day and upload the dSYMs from the archive when using the `upload dsym` and `upload react-native` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `upload dsym` and `upload react-native` commands, Xcode archives are now prioritized over dSYMs found inside the project from a build. This means that if you have both an archive and a build, the CLI will search the default archive location set in Xcode for the latest archive for that day and upload the dSYMs from the archive.

The `upload xcode-build` commands can be used if you want to always pick dSYM files from a project build instead.
```
